who is that - Ana is a shear teacher -
she was one of the brightest students
you've ever had he was warned about her
why doesn't she use her horse Sarah's
not hot of hearing
she's totally death Sarah you are the
most mysterious beautiful angry person I
have ever met look James I've seen this
kind of thing before it just doesn't
work I love her
[Music]
don't be sad for you what began as a
simple challenge alright I won't became
a love story beyond words Academy Award
winner William Hurt you want to talk to
me the new Marlee Matlin don't hate you
for not learning how to speak I love you
children of a lesser God help me
teach me
love has a language all its own
[Music]